Hey!
( groaning )
( thudding )
( chuckles )
( narrator reading
on-screen text )
( upbeat theme playing )
Yellow, black. Yellow, black.
Yellow, black.
Ooh, black and yellow! Yeah,
let's shake it up a little.
( gargling )
Barry!
Breakfast is ready!
Coming!
( phone ringing )
Oh, hang on a second.
Hello?
( on phone ): Barry?
Adam?
Can you believe
this is happening?
Can't believe it.
I'll pick you up.
( sharpening )
Looking sharp.
Barry, why don't
you use the stairs?
Your father paid
good money for those.
Sorry. I'm excited.
Here's the graduate.
We're very proud of you, son.
And a perfect
report card, all B's.
Very proud.
Ma! I got a thing going here.
You got some lint
on your fuzz.
Ow! That's me!
Wave to us!
We'll be in row 118,000.
Bye!
Barry, I told you,
stop flying in the house!
( tires screeching )
( upbeat theme playing )
( horn honking )
Hey, Adam.
Hey, Barry.
Is that fuzz gel?
A little. It's a special day,
finally graduating.
Never thought I'd make it.
Three days of grade school,
three days of high school.
Those were so awkward.
Three days of college.
I'm glad I took off
one day in the middle
and hitchhiked
around the hive.
You did come back different.
ARTIE:
Hi, Barry!
BARRY:
Hey, Artie,
growing a mustache? Looks good.
Hey, did you hear about Frankie?
Yeah.
You going to his funeral?
No, I'm not going
to his funeral.
Everybody knows you
sting someone, you die.
You don't waste it on a
squirrel. He was such a hothead.
Yeah, I guess he could have just
gotten out of the way.
BOTH:
Whoa!
( whooping )
ADAM:
I love this incorporating
an amusement park
right into our regular day.
I guess that's why they say
we don't need vacations.
( tires screech )
( band playing
"Pomp and Circumstance" )
Boy, quite a bit of pomp
under the circumstances.
Well, Adam, today we are men.
We are!
Bee-men.
Amen!
BOTH:
Hallelujah!
( both exclaiming )
MAN ( on PA ):
Students, faculty,
distinguished bees,
please welcome Dean Buzzwell.
( tapping microphone )
Welcome, New Hive City
graduating class of
9:15.
( clears throat )
That concludes our
graduation ceremonies.
( cheering )
And begins your career
at Honex Industries!
Are we gonna
pick our job today?
I heard it's just orientation.
Huh.
Whoa! Heads up!
Here we go.
WOMAN ( on PA ):
Keep your hands and antennas
inside the tram at all times.
( woman speaking in Spanish )
( audience applauding )
BARRY:
I wonder what
it's gonna be like.
ADAM:
A little scary.
( exclaiming fearfully )
Welcome to Honex,
a division of Honesco
and a part of
the Hexagon Group.
This is it!
Wow.
( majestic theme playing )
We know that you as a bee
have worked your whole life
to get to the point where you
can work for your whole life.
Honey begins
when our valiant Pollen Jocks
bring the nectar to the hive.
Our top-secret formula
is automatically
color-corrected,
scent-adjusted
and bubble-contoured
into this
soothing sweet syrup
with its distinctive golden glow
you all know as...
ALL:
Honey!
( laughing )
That girl was hot.
She's my cousin!
She is?
Yes, we're all cousins.
Right. You're right.
At Honex,
we also constantly strive
to improve every aspect
of bee existence.
These bees are stress testing
a new helmet technology.
( grunting )
Ow!
( sobbing )
( exclaims )
Ha!
Ooh.
What do you think he makes?
Not enough.
TRUDY:
And here we have our latest
advancement, the Krelman.
Wow, what does that do?
TRUDY:
Catches that
little strand of honey
that hangs after you pour it.
Saves us millions.
Uh, can anyone work
on the Krelman?
TRUDY:
Of course.
Most bee jobs are small ones,
but bees know
that every small job,
if it's done well,
means a lot.
But choose carefully
because you'll stay in the job
that you pick
for the rest of your life.
BEES: Oh.
The same job for the rest of
your life? I didn't know that.
What's the difference?
Huh?
TRUDY:
And you'll be happy to know
that bees as a species
haven't had one day off
in 27 million years.
Whoo!
BEES: Wow.
So you'll just
work us to death?
We'll sure try.
( all laughing )
( upbeat theme playing )
ADAM:
Wow! That blew my mind!
"What's the difference?"
Adam, how could you say that?
One job forever?
That's an insane choice
to have to make.
Well, I'm relieved.
Now we only have
to make one decision in life.
But, Adam, how could
they never have told us that?
Barry, why would you question
anything? We're bees.
We're the most perfectly
functioning society on Earth.
( slurping )
Hey!
Yeah, but, Adam,
did you ever think
that maybe things work a little
too well around here?
Like what?
Give me one example.
I don't know. But you know
what I'm talking about.
( alarm buzzes )
WOMAN ( on PA ):
Please clear the gate.
Royal Nectar Force
on approach.
Wait a second.
Check it out.
Hey, hey,
those are Pollen Jocks!
Wow.
( heroic theme playing )
I've never seen them
this close.
They know what it's like
to go outside the hive.
Yeah, but some of them
don't come back.
Hey, Jocks!
Hi, Jocks!
LOU LO DUCA:
You guys did great!
You're monsters!
You're sky freaks!
I love it! I love it!
I wonder where those guys
have just been.
I don't know.
Their day's not planned.
Outside the hive
flying who knows where,
doing who knows what.
You can't just decide one day
to be a Pollen Jock.
You have to be bred
for that.
Right.
Look at that.
That's more pollen than you and
I will ever see in a lifetime.
It's just a status symbol.
I think bees make
too big a deal out of it.
Perhaps. Unless
you're wearing it,
and the ladies
see you wearing it.
( giggling )
Those ladies? Ooh...
Aren't they our cousins, too?
Distant. Distant.
Look at these two.
Couple of Hive Harrys.
Let's have some
fun with them.
It must be so dangerous
being a Pollen Jock.
Oh, yeah. One time a bear had me
pinned up against a mushroom!
He had one paw on my throat
and with the other,
he was slapping me
back and forth across the face.
Oh, my!
I never thought
I'd knock him out.
And what were you doing
during all of this?
Obviously, I was trying
to alert the authorities.
I can autograph
that if you want.
A little gusty out there today,
wasn't it, comrades?
Yeah. Gusty.
We're gonna hit
a sunflower patch
about six miles
from here tomorrow.
Six miles, huh?
Barry!
It's a puddle jump for us,
but maybe you're not
up for it.
Maybe I am.
You are not!
We're going 0900 at J-Gate.
ADAM:
Whoa.
What do you think, buzzy-boy?
Are you bee enough?
I might be. It all depends
on what 0900 means.
Hey, Honex!
Yo!
Dad, you surprised me.
( laughing )
Have you decided what you're
interested in, son?
Well, there's
a lot of choices.
But you only get one.
Ha-ha!
Dad, do you ever get bored
doing the same job every day?
Son, let me tell you
something about stirring.
You grab that stick
and you just move it around
and you stir it around.
You get yourself into a rhythm.
It's a beautiful thing.
You know, Dad,
the more I think about it,
maybe the honey field
just isn't right for me.
And you were thinking of what,
making balloon animals?
That's a bad job for
a guy with a stinger.
Well, no--
Janet, your son's
not sure he wants
to go into honey!
Oh, Barry, you are so funny
sometimes.
I'm not trying
to be funny.
You're not funny.
You're going into honey.
Our son, the stirrer!
You're going to be
a stirrer?
No one's listening to me!
Wait till you see the
sticks I have for you.
I can say anything
I want right now.
I'm gonna get an ant tattoo!
Let's open some fresh honey
and celebrate!
Maybe I'll pierce my thorax.
To honey!
Shave my antennae.
Shack up with a grasshopper.
Get a gold tooth and start
calling everybody "dawg!"
I'm so proud.
( upbeat theme playing )
( bell rings )
I can't believe we're
starting work today!
Today's the day.
Come on!
All the good jobs
will be gone.
Yeah, right.
BUZZWELL:
Pollen counting,
stunt bee, pouring,
stirrer,
front desk, hair removal...
Is it still available?
Hang on.
Two left!
And one of them's yours!
Congratulations, son!
Step to the side, please.
Yeah!
What'd you get?
Picking the crud out.
Whoa!
That is stellar!
Wow!
Couple of newbies?
Yes, sir!
Our first day!
We are ready!
Well, step up
and make your choice.
You want to go first?
Uh, no, you go.
Oh, my.
What's available?
Restroom attendant's
always open
and not for the reason
you think.
Any chance of getting
onto the Krelman, sir?
Sure, you're on.
( beeps )
Oh, I'm sorry, the Krelman
just closed out.
Oh!
Wax monkey's always open.
And the Krelman
just opened up again.
What happened?
Whenever a bee dies,
that's an opening.
See that? He's dead. Dead.
Another dead one.
Deady. Deadified. Two more dead.
Dead from the neck up.
Dead from the neck down.
But that's life!
Oh, this is so hard!
"Heating, cooling, stunt bee,
pourer, stirrer, humming,
"inspector number seven, lint
coordinator, stripe supervisor,
antenna block polisher,
mite wrangler."
Barry, Barry, what do you think
I should-- Barry?
Barry!
LOU LO DUCA:
We've got the sunflower patch
in quadrant nine...
( ringing )
ADAM:
What happened to you?
Where are you?
I'm going out.
Out? Out where?
Out there.
Oh, no!
I have to, before I go to work
for the rest of my life.
You're gonna die!
You're crazy! Hello?
Oh, another call coming in.
You're--
LOU LO DUCA:
If anyone's feeling brave,
there's a Korean deli on 83rd
that gets their roses today.
Hey, guys.
Look at that.
Isn't that the kid
we saw yesterday?
Hold it, son.
Flight deck's restricted.
It's okay, Lou.
We're gonna take him up.
Yeah.
Really?
Feeling lucky, are you?
Sign here, here.
Just initial that. Thank you.
Okay, you got
a rain advisory today,
and as you all know,
bees cannot fly in rain.
So be careful. As always,
watch your brooms,
hockey sticks, dogs,
birds, bears and bats.
Also, I got a couple of reports
of root beer being poured on us.
Murphy's in a home
because of it,
just babbling like a cicada!
That's awful.
And a reminder
for all you rookies,
bee law number one,
absolutely no
talking to humans!
All right, launch positions!
ALL:
Buzz, buzz, buzz, buzz!
Black and yellow!
ALL:
Hello!
You ready for this, hot shot?
Yeah. Yeah, bring it on.
Wind, check.
Antennae, check.
Nectar pack, check.
Wings, check.
Stinger, check.
Scared out of my shorts,
check.
Okay, ladies,
let's move it out!
( dramatic theme playing )
Pound those petunias,
you striped stem-suckers!
All of you,
drain those flowers!
( majestic theme playing )
Wow! I'm out!
I can't believe I'm out!
So blue.
( whooping )
I feel so fast and free!
Box kite!
Wow!
( whooping )
Flowers!
This is Blue Leader.
We have roses visual.
Bring it around
30 degrees and hold.
Roses!
POLLEN JOCK:
30 degrees, roger.
Bringing it around.
( majestic theme playing )
Stand to the side, kid.
It's got a bit of a kick.
Oh, that is
one nectar collector.
You ever see
pollination up close?
No, sir.
I pick up some pollen over here,
sprinkle it over here.
Maybe a dash over there,
a pinch on that one.
See that? It's a little bit
of magic, ain't it?
Wow. That's amazing.
Why do we do that?
That's pollen power, kid.
More pollen, more flowers,
more nectar, more honey for us.
Cool.
( majestic theme playing )
( laughs )
I'm picking up
a lot of bright yellow.
Could be daisies.
Do we need those?
Copy that visual.
Hold on. One of these flowers
seems to be on the move.
Say again? Are you reporting
a moving flower?
Affirmative.
( suspenseful theme playing )
MAN:
That was on the line!
This is the coolest.
What is it?
I don't know,
but I'm loving this color.
( inhales )
It smells good. Not like
a flower, but I like it.
Yeah, fuzzy.
Chemically.
Careful, guys.
It's a little grabby.
Sweet lord of bees!
Hey, candy-brain,
get off there!
Problem!
( yells )
Guys!
This could be bad.
Affirmative.
Very close.
Gonna hurt.
( screams )
Mama's little boy.
You are way out of
position, rookie!
( yelling )
POLLEN JOCK:
It's coming in at you
like a missile!
Help me!
You know, I don't think
these are flowers.
Should we tell him?
I think he knows.
BARRY:
What is this?
Whoa!
Match point!
You can just start
packing up, honey,
because I believe
you're about to eat it!
( clears throat )
Huh?
( screaming )
Yowser!
( yelling )
( coughs )
Ew! Gross.
( screaming )
There's a bee in the car! Ah!
( all screaming )
Do something!
MAN: I'm driving!
Hi, bee.
Hey.
He's back here!
He's going to sting me!
Oh, my God!
( tires screeching )
Aah! Ow!
( growls )
Nobody move. If you don't move,
he won't sting you. Freeze!
He blinked!
GIRL: Spray him, Granny!
What are you doing?
( horns honking )
( sighing )
Wow, the tension level
out here is unbelievable.
I gotta get home.
Whoa!
( ominous theme playing )
( exclaims )
Can't fly in rain.
( gasps )
( coughs )
Mayday! Mayday!
Bee going down!
( grunts )
Ken, could you close
the window, please?
Eh? Oh. Hey, check out
my new resume.
I made it into a foldout
brochure.
You see? Folds out.
Oh, no. More humans.
I don't need this.
( Ken chattering )
Ow!
What was that?
Maybe this time. This time.
This time. This time!
Oh! Drapes!
That is diabolical.
KEN:
It's fantastic.
It's got all my
special skills,
even my top ten
favorite movies.
What's your number one?
Star Wars?
No, I don't go for that...
( imitating laser fire )
...kind of stuff.
No wonder we're not supposed
to talk to them.
They're out of their minds.
When I walk out of an interview,
they're flabbergasted.
They can't believe
the things I say.
Oh, there's the sun.
Maybe that's a way out.
I don't remember the sun
having a big 75 on it.
( exclaims )
I gotta tell you.
I predicted global warming.
I could feel it
getting hotter.
At first I thought
it was just me.
Wait! Stop! Bee!
( screaming )
Kill it! Kill it!
Stand back.
These are winter boots.
( grunting )
Wait!
Don't kill him!
You know I'm allergic to them!
This thing could kill me!
Well, why does his life
have any less value than yours?
Why does his life have
any less value than mine?
Is that your statement?
I'm just saying
all life has value.
You don't know
what he's capable of feeling.
My brochure!
( tender theme playing )
There you go, little guy.
I'm not scared of him, but,
it's an allergic thing.
ANDY:
Hey, why don't you put that on
your resume brochure?
KEN:
That's not funny.
My whole face could puff up.
ANDY:
Hmm. Make it one of
your "special skills."
KEN:
You know, knocking someone out
is also a special skill.
VANESSA:
Right.
WOMAN:
Bye, Vanessa. Thanks.
KEN:
Vanessa, next week?
Yogurt night?
VANESSA:
Yeah, sure.
You know, whatever.
KEN:
You could put
carob chips on that.
Supposed to be
less calories or something.
VANESSA ( abruptly ):
Bye.
Oh.
( sighs )
I gotta say something.
She saved my life.
All right, here goes.
( exclaims quietly )
Nah.
What would I say?
I could really
get in trouble.
It's a bee law. You're not
supposed to talk to a human.
I can't believe
I'm doing this.
I've got to.
Oh, I can't do it.
Come on!
No. Yes. No.
Do it. I can't.
How should I start it?
"You like jazz?"
No, that's no good.
Here she comes!
Speak, you fool!
Uh, hi!
( gasps )
I'm sorry.
You're talking.
Yes. I know. I know.
I'm so--
You're talking!
I know. I'm sorry,
I'm so sorry.
No, it's okay.
It's fine. It's just...
I know I'm dreaming,
but I don't recall going to bed.
Well, you know, I'm sure this is
very disconcerting...
Well, yeah, I mean, this is
a bit of a surprise to me.
I mean, you're a bee!
Yeah.
Yeah. I am a bee and,
uh, you know,
I'm not supposed
to be doing this,
but they were all
trying to kill me.
Uh-huh. Oh.
And if it wasn't for you...
I mean, I had to thank you.
It's the way I was raised.
Oh! Unh!
Ow!
That was a little weird.
I'm talking with a bee.
Yeah.
I'm talking to a bee.
Anyway...
And the bee is
talking to me!
I just want you to know
that I'm grateful,
and I'm gonna leave now.
Oh, wait, wait, wait!
How did you learn to do that?
What?
That-- That--
The talking thing.
Oh.
Same way you did, I guess.
"Mama, Dada, honey."
You pick it up.
( chuckling ):
That's very funny.
Yeah, bees are funny.
If we didn't laugh, we'd cry
with what we have to deal with.
( both chuckling )
Anyway...
Can I, uh,
get you something?
Like what?
I don't know. I mean...
I don't know. Coffee?
Well, I don't want to
put you out,
unless you're making anyway.
It's no trouble.
It takes two minutes.
Really?
It's just coffee.
I hate to impose.
Don't be ridiculous!
Actually, I would love a cup.
You want a little
rum cake?
I shouldn't.
Have a little rum cake.
No, no, no, I can't.
Oh, come on!
I'm trying to lose a couple
of micrograms here.
Where?
Well, these stripes don't help.
You look great!
I don't know if you know
anything about fashion.
( laughing )
Are you all right?
No.
BARRY:
He's making the tie in the cab
as they're flying up Madison.
So he finally gets there.
VANESSA: Uh-huh.
He runs up the steps
into the church.
The wedding is on.
Yeah.
And he says, "Watermelon?
"I thought you said Guatemalan."
Uh-huh.
"Why would I
marry a watermelon?"
( laughs )
Oh! Heh-heh.
Is that, uh, a bee joke?
Yeah, that's the kind
of stuff that we do.
Yeah, different.
So, anyway, what are you
going to do, Barry?
About work?
I don't know.
I want to do my part
for the hive,
but I can't do it
the way they want.
I know how you feel.
You do?
Sure.
My parents wanted me
to be a lawyer
or a doctor, but I wanted
to be a florist.
Really?
My only interest is flowers.
Our new queen
was just elected
with that same
campaign slogan.
Oh. Hmm.
Anyway, uh, you see,
if you look--
See, there's my hive
right there. You can see it.
Oh.
You're in Sheep Meadow!
Yes! You know
the Turtle Pond?
Yes.
I'm right off of that.
Oh, no way!
I know that area.
Do you know I lost
a toe ring there once?
Really?
Yes.
Why do girls put
rings on their toes?
VANESSA:
Why not?
BARRY:
It's like putting
a hat on your knee.
VANESSA: Maybe I'll try that.
You all right, ma'am?
Oh, yeah. Fine.
Just having two
cups of coffee! Ha-ha!
( sighs )
( tender theme playing )
Uh, ahem.
Anyway, this has been great.
Thanks for the coffee.
Oh, yeah,
it's no trouble.
Sorry I couldn't finish it.
If I did, I'd be up
the rest of my life.
( chuckles )
( stammering )
Can I take a piece
of this with me?
Sure! Here, have a crumb.
Oh, thanks!
Yeah.
All right. Well, then,
I guess I'll see you around.
Or not, or...
Okay, Barry.
And thank you so much again
for before.
Oh, that! That was nothing.
Yeah.
Well, not nothing, but...
And anyway...
( tender theme playing )
( laughing )
( grunting )
( thuds )
( alarm ringing )
This can't possibly work.
Well, he's all set to go.
We may as well try it.
Okay, Dave,
pull the chute.
( groans )
ADAM: Sounds amazing.
BARRY: Oh, it was amazing!
It was the scariest,
happiest moment of my life.
Humans! Humans! I can't believe
you were with humans!
Giant, scary humans!
What were they like?
Huge and crazy.
They talk crazy.
They eat crazy giant things.
They drive around real crazy.
And do they try and
kill you, like on TV?
Some of them.
But some of them don't.
How'd you get back?
Poodle.
Look, you did it,
and I'm glad.
You saw whatever
you wanted to see out there.
You had your "experience."
And now you're back,
you can pick out your job,
and everything can be normal.
Well...
Well? Well?
Well, I met someone.
ADAM:
You met someone?
Was she Bee-ish?
Not a wasp?
Your parents will kill you!
No, no, no. Not a wasp.
Spider?
I'm not attracted
to the spiders.
I know with everyone else,
it's like the hottest thing,
with the eight legs and all.
I can't get by that face.
( grunts )
So, uh, who is she?
She's a human.
Oh, no, no, no. That didn't
happen. You didn't do that.
That's a bee law.
You wouldn't break a bee law.
Her name's Vanessa.
Oh, boy.
She's so nice.
And she's a florist!
Oh, no, no, no!
You're dating a human florist!
Well, we're not dating.
You're flying outside the hive,
you're talking to human beings
that attack our homes
with power washers and M-80s!
That's one-eighth of
a stick of dynamite!
She saved my life!
And she understands me.
This is over!
Eat this.
This is not over!
What was that?
They call it a crumb.
That was so
stingin' stripey!
And that's not even
what they eat.
That just falls off
what they eat!
Do you know what a Cinnabon is?
No.
It's bread...
Come in here.
...and cinnamon and frosting.
Be quiet!
They heat it up...
Sit down!
...really hot!
Listen to me!
We are not them!
We're us.
There's us and there's them!
Yes, but who can deny
the heart that is yearning?
There's no yearning.
Stop yearning. Listen to me.
You have got to start thinking
bee, my friend. Thinking bee!
Thinking bee.
ALL:
Thinking bee! Thinking bee!
JANET:
There he is,
he's in the pool.
You know what your
problem is, Barry?
I gotta start thinking bee?
Barry, how much longer
is this going to go on?
It's been three days!
I don't understand
why you're not working.
Well, I've got a lot of big life
decisions I'm thinking about.
What life?
You have no life!
You have no job.
You're barely a bee!
Would it kill you
to just make a little honey?
Barry, come out from under
there.
Your father's talking to you.
Martin, would you
talk to him?
MARTIN:
Barry, I'm talking to you!
( The Archies'
"Sugar, Sugar" playing )
Sugar
Oh, honey, honey
You are my candy girl
( buzzing )
And you got me wanting you
( both gasping )
Honey
( both laughing )
Oh, sugar, sugar
You coming?
Got everything?
All set!
You go ahead.
I'll catch up.
Don't be too long.
I just can't believe
The loveliness of loving you
It's true
I just can't believe
The wonder of
This feeling too
I just can't believe
It's true
Watch this!
Ah, sugar
Oh, honey, honey
Vanessa!
( coughing )
We are still here, Barry.
I told you not
to yell at him.
He doesn't respond
when you yell at him.
Then why are you
yelling at me?
Because you don't listen.
I'm not listening to this.
Sorry, Mom, I've gotta go.
Where are you going?
Nowhere.
I'm meeting a friend.
A girl? Is this why
you can't decide?
Bye.
I just hope she's Bee-ish.
So they have a huge parade
of just flowers
every year in Pasadena?
Oh, to be in
the Tournament of Roses,
that's every florist's dream!
Up on a float, surrounded by
flowers, crowds cheering.
Wow, a tournament.
Do the roses actually compete
in athletic events?
No. All right, I've got one.
How come you don't
fly everywhere?
It's exhausting.
Why don't you run everywhere?
Isn't that faster?
Yeah, okay, I see, I see.
All right, your turn.
Uh, TiVo. You can just freeze
live TV? That's insane.
What, you don't have
anything like that?
We have Hivo,
but it's a disease.
It's a horrible,
horrible disease.
Oh, my.
Oh. Dumb bees!
You must just wanna
sting all those jerks.
We really try not to sting,
it's usually fatal for us.
So you really
have to watch your temper.
Oh, yeah, very carefully.
You kick a wall, take a walk,
write an angry letter
and throw it out.
You work through it
like any emotion.
Anger, jealousy, lust.
( gasps )
Oh, my goodness!
Are you okay?
Yeah.
What is wrong with you?
It's a bug.
Well, he's not
bothering anybody.
Get out of here, you creep!
What was that,
a Pick 'n Save circular?
Yeah, it was!
How did you know?
Uh, it felt like
about 10 pages.
Seventy-five is
pretty much our limit.
Boy, you've really got that
down to a science.
Oh, we have to. I lost a cousin
to Italian Vogue.
Oh, I'll bet.
What in the name
of Mighty Hercules is this?
How did this get here?
"Cute Bee? Golden Blossom?
Ray Liotta Private Select?"
Is he that actor?
I never heard of him.
Why is this here?
For people. We eat it.
Why? You don't have
enough food of your own?
VANESSA: Yes.
BARRY: How do you even get it?
Well, bees make it.
I know who makes it!
And it's hard to make it!
There's heating
and cooling and stirring.
You need a whole Krelman thing!
It's organic.
It's our-ganic!
It's just honey, Barry.
Just what?
Bees don't know about this!
This is stealing!
A lot of stealing.
You've taken our homes,
our schools, our hospitals!
This is all we have!
And it's on sale?
I'm gonna get to
the bottom of this.
I'm gonna get to the bottom
of all of this!
( dramatic theme playing )
( growls )
MAN:
Hey, Hector.
You almost done?
Almost.
He is here. I sense it.
Well, I guess
I'll go home now
and just leave this nice honey
out, with no one around.
You're busted, box boy!
Ah-ha!
I knew I heard something.
So you can talk!
Oh, I can talk. And now you're
gonna start talking!
Where you getting
all the sweet stuff?
Who's your supplier?
I don't know what
you're talking about.
I thought we were all friends.
The last thing we want to do
is upset any of you bees!
You're too late!
It's ours now!
You, sir, have crossed
the wrong sword!
You, sir, are about to be lunch
for my iguana, Ignacio!
Where is the honey
coming from?
( grunts )
Tell me where!
Honey Farms!
It comes from Honey Farms!
( dramatic theme playing )
Ow!
( panting )
( horn blaring )
( screams )
( yelling )
Crazy person!
( grunting )
Huh?
( yelling )
Oh, my! What horrible thing
has happened here?
Look at these faces,
they never knew what hit them.
And now they're on
the road to nowhere!
Psst. Just keep still!
What? You're not dead?
Do I look dead?
Hey, man,
they will wipe anything that
moves. Now where you headed?
To Honey Farms. I am onto
something huge here.
I'm going to Alaska.
Moose blood, crazy stuff.
Blows your head off!
I'm going to Tacoma.
What about you?
He really is dead.
All right.
Uh-oh.
BARRY: What is that?
Oh, no.
It's a wiper! Triple blade!
Triple blade?
Jump on!
It's your only chance, bee!
Why does everything
have to be so doggone clean?
How much do you
people need to see?
Open your eyes!
Stick your head out the window!
MAN ( on radio ):
From NPR News
in Washington, I'm Carl Kasell.
MOOSEBLOOD:
But don't kill no more bugs!
( both screaming )
MOOSEBLOOD:
Bee!
Mooseblood guy!
( screaming )
( both screaming )
You hear something?
Like what?
Like tiny screaming.
Turn off the radio.
( both screaming )
Ah-ha!
( screaming )
MOOSEBLOOD:
Hey, what's up, bee boy?
BARRY:
Hey, Blood.
And it was just
an endless row of honey jars,
as far as the eye could see.
Wow!
So I'm just assuming
wherever this honey truck goes,
that's where
they're getting it.
I mean, that honey's ours.
Bees hang tight.
Well, we're all jammed in there.
It's a close community.
Not us, man. We on our own.
Every mosquito on his own.
Well, what if
you get in trouble?
Trouble? You a mosquito,
you in trouble.
Nobody likes us.
They just all smacking.
People see a mosquito,
smack, smack!
At least you're
out in the world.
You must meet a lot of girls.
Mosquito girls
try to trade up,
get with a moth, dragonfly.
Mosquito girl
don't want no mosquito.
Whoa! You got to
be kidding me!
Mooseblood's about
to leave the building!
So long, bee!
Hey guys!
( mosquitoes chattering )
MOOSEBLOOD:
I knew I'd catch
y'all down here.
Did you bring
your crazy straw?
( horn blaring )
( dramatic theme playing )
( man laughing )
MAN 1:
Then we throw it in some jars,
slap a label on it,
and it's pretty
much pure profit.
( men laughing )
What is this place?
MAN 2:
A bee's got a brain
the size of a pinhead.
MAN 1:
They are pinheads!
( men laughing )
MAN 2:
Pinhead.
Hey, check out
the new smoker.
Oh, sweet.
That's the one you want.
The Thomas 3000!
Smoker?
Ninety puffs a minute,
semi-automatic.
Twice the nicotine,
all the tar.
( both laugh )
A couple breaths of this
knocks them right out.
( men laughing )
They make the honey,
and we make the money.
and we make the money?
( ominous theme playing )
( bees coughing )
Oh, my!
What's going on?
Are you okay?
Yeah. It doesn't
last too long.
How did all
these bees get here?
Do you know you're in a fake
hive with fake walls?
Our queen was moved here.
We had no choice.
This is your queen?
That's a man in women's clothes!
That's a drag queen!
What is this?
Oh, no!
There's hundreds of them!
( clicks )
Bee honey.
Our honey is
being brazenly stolen
on a massive scale!
This is worse than anything
the bears have done to us!
And I intend to do
something about it.
Oh, Barry, stop.
Who told you that humans
are taking our honey?
That's just a rumor.
Do these look like rumors?
That's a conspiracy theory.
These are obviously
doctored photos.
Barry, how did you get
mixed up in all this?
'Cause he's been
talking to humans.
What?
Talking to humans?
He has a human girlfriend.
Oh, Barry!
And they make out!
Make out? Barry!
We do not.
You wish you could.
Whose side are you on?
The bees!
I dated a cricket
once in San Antonio.
Man, those crazy legs
kept me up all night.
Barry, this is what you want
to do with your life?
This is what I want to do
for all our lives.
Nobody works
harder than bees.
Dad, I remember you coming home
some nights so overworked
your hands were still stirring,
you couldn't stop them.
( groans )
I remember that.
What right do they have
to our hard-earned honey?
We're living on
two cups a year.
They're putting it in lip balm
for no reason whatsoever!
Even if it's true, Barry,
what could one bee do?
I'm gonna sting them
where it really hurts.
In the face!
No.
The eye! That would hurt.
Up the nose?
That's a killer.
There's only one place
you can sting the humans,
one place where
it really matters.
ANNOUNCER:
Hive at Five,
the hive's only full-hour
action news source.
( screams )
ALL:
No more bee beards!
ANNOUNCER:
With Bob Bumble
at the anchor desk.
Weather with Storm Stinger.
Sports with Buzz Larvi.
And Jeanette Chung.
Good evening.
I'm Bob Bumble.
And I'm Jeanette Chung.
Our top story, a tri-county bee,
Barry Benson,
is saying he intends
to sue the human race
for stealing our honey,
packaging it and profiting
from it illegally!
( dramatic theme playing )
Don't forget, tomorrow night
on Bee Larry King,
we're gonna have
three former queens
all right here in our studio,
discussing their new book,
Classy Ladies,
out this week on Hexagon.
Tonight we're talking
to Barry Benson.
Did you ever think,
"I'm just a kid from the hive.
I can't do this"?
Larry, bees have never been
afraid to change the world.
I mean,
what about Bee Columbus?
Bee Gandhi? Bejesus?
Well, where I'm from, you
wouldn't think of suing humans.
We were thinking more like
stickball, candy stores.
How old are you?
I want you to know
the entire bee community
is supporting
you in this case,
which is certain to be
the trial of the bee century.
Thank you, Larry.
You know, they have a Larry King
in the human world too.
It's a common name.
Next week on Bee Larry King--
No, no, I mean, he looks like
you and he has a show
with suspenders and different
colored dots behind him.
Next week on Bee Larry--
He's got old guy glasses
and there's quotes
along the bottom
from the guest, even though
you just heard him.
Bear Week next week!
They're scary,
they're hairy
and they're here live.
Always leans forward,
pointy shoulders,
squinty eyes, very Jewish.
In tennis, you attack
at the point of weakness!
But it was my grandmother,
Ken. She's 81.
Ha. Honey,
her backhand's a joke!
I'm not gonna take
advantage of that?
BARRY:
Quiet, please.
Actual work going on here.
Is that that same bee?
BARRY:
Yes, it is!
I'm helping him
sue the human race.
What?
Oh, hello.
Hello, bee.
This is Ken.
Yeah, I remember you.
Timberland,
size 10-and-a-half.
Vibram sole, I believe.
Why does he talk again?
Listen, you better go 'cause
we're really busy working.
But it's our yogurt night!
Oh. Bye-bye.
Oh.
Why is yogurt night
so difficult?!
Oh, you poor thing. You two have
been at this for hours.
Yes, and Adam here
has been a huge help.
( snoring ):
Frosting, frosting.
How many sugars?
Just one.
I try not to use
the competition. Ooh.
So why are you
helping me anyway?
Bees have good qualities.
( speaks in Italian )
And it feels good
to take my mind off the shop.
I don't know why,
but instead of flowers,
people are giving
balloon bouquets now.
Yeah, those are great,
if you're 3.
And artificial flowers.
Oh, those just get me psychotic!
Yeah, me, too.
The bent stingers,
the pointless pollination.
Bees must hate
those fake plastic things!
There's nothing worse than a
daffodil that's had work done.
Well, maybe this could make up
for it a little bit.
This lawsuit's
a pretty big deal.
BARRY:
I guess.
Are you sure that you want
to go through with it?
Am I sure? When I'm done
with the humans,
they won't be able to say,
"Honey, I'm home,"
without paying a royalty!
Sarah, it's an incredible scene
here in downtown Manhattan
where all eyes and ears of the
world are anxiously waiting
because for
the first time in history,
we're going to
hear for ourselves
if a honeybee
can actually speak.
( crowd murmuring )
What have we
gotten into here, Barry?
I don't know. But it's
pretty big, isn't it?
I can't believe
how many humans
don't have to be at
work during the day.
Hey, you think
these billion dollar
multinational food companies
have good lawyers?
MAN ( on PA ):
Folks, everybody needs
to stay back
behind the barricade.
( ominous theme playing )
( groans )
Ooh.
What's the matter?
I don't know.
I just got a chill.
( crowd gasps )
( ominous theme playing )
Well, if it isn't
the bee team.
Any of you boys work on this?
( chuckles )
( scoffs )
BAILIFF:
All rise!
The Honorable
Judge Bumbleton presiding.
JUDGE:
All right. Case number 4475.
Superior Court of New York,
Barry Bee Benson
vs. the Honey Industry
is now in session.
Mr. Montgomery,
you're representing
the five major food
companies collectively?
A privilege.
JUDGE:
Uh, Mr. Benson.
You're representing
all bees of the world?
( clears throat )
( buzzing )
I'm kidding, I'm kidding.
Yes, Your Honor,
we're ready to proceed.
( sighs )
And, Mr. Montgomery, your
opening statement, please.
( clears throat )
Ladies and
gentlemen of the jury,
my grandmother
was a simple woman.
Born on a farm, she believed
it was man's divine right
to benefit from the bounty
of nature God put before us.
If we were to live
in the topsy-turvy world
Mr. Benson imagines,
just think of
what it would mean?
Maybe I would have to negotiate
with the silkworm
for the elastic
in my britches!
( all gasp )
Talking bee!
How do we know this
isn't some sort of holographic
motion-picture-capture
Hollywood wizardry?
They could be
using laser beams!
Robotics!
Ventriloquism! Cloning!
For all we know
he could be on steroids!
Oh, yes, he must.
JUDGE:
Mr. Benson?
( sighs )
Ladies and gentlemen of the
jury, there's no trickery here.
I'm just an ordinary bee.
And as a bee, honey's pretty
important to me.
It's important to all bees.
We invented it.
We make it, and we protect it
with our lives.
Unfortunately, there are
some people in this room
who think they can take
whatever they want from us
'cause we're the little guys!
And what I'm hoping is
that after this is all over
you'll see how,
by taking our honey,
you're not only taking away
everything we have
but everything we are!
Oh, I wish he would dress like
that all the time. So nice.
Call your first witness.
So, Mr. Klauss Vanderhayden
of Honey Farms.
Pretty big company
you have there.
I suppose so.
And I see you also own
Honeyburton and Honron!
Yes, they provide beekeepers
for our farms.
Beekeeper. I find that
to be a very disturbing term,
I have to say.
I don't imagine you employ
any bee-free-ers, do you?
Uh, no.
I'm sorry, I couldn't hear you.
No.
Because you don't free bees,
you keep bees.
And not only that,
it seems you thought a bear
would be an appropriate image
for a jar of honey.
Well, they're very
lovable creatures.
Yogi Bear,
Fozzie Bear, Build-A-Bear.
Yeah, you mean like this?
( growls )
( screaming )
Bears kill bees!
How'd you like
his big hairy head
crashing through
your living room?
Biting into your couch! Spitting
out your throw pillows!
( imitating growling )
Okay, that's enough.
Take him away.
( snarling )
So, Mr. Sting,
thank you for being here.
Your name intrigues me,
I have to say.
Where have I heard it before?
I was with a band
called The Police.
But you've never been a police
officer of any kind, have you?
No, I haven't.
No, you haven't.
And so here we have
yet another example
of bee culture being casually
stolen by a human
for nothing more than
a prance-about stage name.
Oh, please.
Have you ever been stung,
Mr. Sting?
Because I'm feeling
a little stung, Sting.
Or should I say,
Mr. Gordon M. Sumner!
( all gasp )
That's not his real name?
You idiots!
( exclaims )
Mr. Liotta,
first may I offer
my belated congratulations
on your Emmy win
for a guest spot
on ER in 2005.
Thank you. Thank you.
Ha-ha-ha!
I also see from your resume
that you're devilishly handsome,
but with a churning
inner turmoil
that's always ready to blow.
I enjoy what I do.
Is that a crime?
Not yet it isn't,
but is this what
it's come to for you?
Exploiting tiny,
helpless bees
so you don't have
to rehearse your part
and learn your lines, sir?
Watch it, Benson!
I could blow right now!
This isn't a goodfella.
This is a badfella!
Why doesn't someone
step on this little creep
so we can all go home?
JUDGE:
Order in this courtroom.
You're all thinking it!
JUDGE:
Order! Order, I say!
Mr. Liotta,
will you please sit down!
BARRY:
Well, I just think
it was awfully nice of that bear
to pitch in like that.
I'm telling you, I think
the jury's on our side.
Are we doing everything right,
you know, legally?
I'm a florist.
Right. Right.
Well, here's to a great team.
( door opens )
To a great team!
( chuckling )
Well, hello.
Oh, Ken!
Hello.
Uh, I didn't think
you were coming.
No, I was just late. I tried
to call, but the battery...
I didn't want all this to go
to waste, so I called Barry.
Luckily, he was free.
Yeah.
Oh, that was lucky.
Well, there's still a little
left. I could heat it up.
Yeah, heat it up,
sure, whatever.
So, I hear you're
quite a tennis player.
I'm not much for
the game myself.
I find the ball
a little grabby.
That's where I usually sit.
Right there.
Mmm...
VANESSA:
Ken, Barry was
looking at your resume
and he agreed with me
that eating with chopsticks
isn't really a special skill.
You think I don't
see what you're doing?
I know how hard it is
trying to find the right job.
We certainly have
that in common.
Do we?
Bees have 100 percent
employment, of course,
but we do jobs like
taking the crud out.
That's just what
I was thinking about doing.
( spoon clinks )
VANESSA: Ken, I let Barry
borrow your razor
for his fuzz.
I hope that was all right.
Oh!
( burps )
I'm gonna go
drain the old stinger.
Yeah, you do that.
( buzzing )
( yells )
Look at that.
( whistles )
( screams )
( whistling )
You know, I've just about had it
with your little mind games.
What's that?
Italian Vogue.
Mamma mia,
that's a lot of pages.
It's a lot of ads.
Remember what Van said,
why is your life
any more valuable than mine?
That's funny, I just
can't seem to recall that!
( Barry gasps )
I think something
stinks in here!
I love the smell of flowers.
Yeah? How do you like
the smell of flames?
Not as much.
( screams )
Whoa!
( upbeat theme playing )
( Barry screaming )
( grunting )
Waterbug! Not taking sides.
Ken, look at me.
I'm wearing a Chapstick hat!
This is pathetic!
I've got issues!
( screaming )
Well, well, well,
a royal flush!
You're bluffing.
Am I?
( screams )
( laughs )
Yeah!
Surf's up, dude!
Ew! Poo water!
( whooping )
That bowl is gnarly.
Except for those
dirty yellow rings!
Kenneth!
What are you doing?
You know what? I don't even
like honey! I don't eat it!
We need to talk!
He's just a little bee!
And he happens to be the nicest
bee I've met in a long time!
Long time?
What are you talking about?
Are there other
bugs in your life?
No, but there are other things
bugging me in life.
And you're one of them!
Fine! Talking bees,
no yogurt night.
My nerves are fried
from riding
on this
emotional roller coaster!
Goodbye, Ken.
( huffs )
( sighs )
And for your information,
I prefer sugar-free, artificial
sweeteners made by man!
I'm sorry about all that.
I know it's got
an aftertaste! I like it!
I always felt there was
some kind of barrier
between Ken and me.
I couldn't overcome it.
Oh, well.
You gonna be okay
for the trial tomorrow?
Oh, I believe Mr. Montgomery
is about out of ideas.
We would like to call Mr. Barry
Benson Bee to the stand.
Now that's a good idea!
You can really see why
he's considered one
of the best lawyers--
Uh... Yeah.
Oh.
Ah. Ow.
Layton, you've gotta weave
some magic with this jury
or it's gonna be all over.
Oh, don't worry,
Mr. Gammel.
The only thing I have to do
to turn this jury around
is to remind them of what they
don't like about bees.
You got the tweezers?
Are you allergic?
Only to losing, son.
Only to losing.
Mr. Benson Bee,
I'll ask you what I think
we'd all like to know.
What exactly is your
relationship to that woman?
( gasps )
We're friends. Yes.
Good friends?
How good?
Do you live together?
Wait a minute. This isn't--
Are you her little,
ahem, bedbug?
Hey, that's not the kind of--
I've seen a bee
documentary or two.
Now, from what I understand
doesn't your queen
give birth to all the bee
children in the hives?
Yeah, but--
So those aren't even
your real parents!
Oh, Barry.
Yes, they are!
Hold me back!
You're an illegitimate bee,
aren't you?
He's denouncing bees!
And don't y'all
date your cousins?
Objection!
I'm gonna pincushion this guy!
( dramatic theme playing )
( gasps )
Adam, don't!
It's what he wants!
( groans )
Oh! I'm hit!
Oh, lordy, I am hit!
JUDGE:
Order! Order!
The venom is coursing
through my veins!
Please, Mr. Montgomery.
I have been felled by
a winged beast of destruction!
You see? You can't treat
them like equals!
They're striped savages!
Stinging's the only
thing they know! It's their way!
Adam, stay with me.
I can't feel my legs.
Oh! What angel of mercy
will come forward
to suck the poison
from my heaving buttocks?
JUDGE:
Please! I will have
order in my court.
Order! Order, please!
The case of the honeybees
versus the human race
took a pointed turn...
Thank you.
...against the bees yesterday
when one of their legal team
stung Layton T. Montgomery.
Now, here's Don
with the five day.
( melancholy theme playing )
( breathing heavily )
( sighs )
Hey, buddy.
Hey.
Is there much pain?
Yeah.
I, uh...
I blew the whole case,
didn't I?
Oh, it doesn't matter. The
important thing is you're alive.
You could've died.
I'd be better off dead.
Look at me.
They got it
from the cafeteria.
They got it from downstairs,
in a tuna sandwich.
Look, there's a little celery
still on it.
What was it like
to sting someone?
I can't explain it.
It was all...
All adrenaline
and then ecstasy!
Hmm, all right.
You think
it was all a trap?
Of course. I'm sorry.
I flew us right into this.
What were we thinking?
Look at us.
We're just a couple of bugs
in this world.
What do you think the humans
will do to us if they win?
I don't know.
I hear they put
the roaches in motels.
That doesn't sound
so bad.
Adam, they check in,
but they don't check out!
Oh, my.
( coughing )
Say, could you get a nurse
to close that window?
BARRY: Why?
ADAM: The smoke.
Bees don't smoke.
Right. Bees don't smoke.
Bees don't smoke!
But some bees are smoking.
Adam, that's it!
That's our case!
It is? It's not over?
No, get up. Get dressed.
I've gotta go somewhere.
You get back to the court and
stall. Stall any way you can.
And, assuming you've done
step 29 correctly,
you're ready for the tub.
( snarls )
Mr. Flayman.
Yes? Yes.
Yes, Your Honor.
JUDGE:
Where is the rest
of your team?
Uh, well, well,
Your Honor, it's interesting.
You know, bees are trained
to fly kind of haphazardly
and as a result, quite often
we don't make very good time.
Actually, I once heard a pretty
funny story about a bee--
Your Honor,
haven't these ridiculous bugs
taken up enough of this court's
valuable time?
How much longer
are we going to allow
these absurd
shenanigans to go on?
They have presented no
compelling evidence to support
their charges
against my clients,
who all run perfectly
legitimate businesses.
I move for a complete dismissal
of this entire case.
Mr. Flayman, I'm afraid I'm
going to have to consider
Mr. Montgomery's motion.
But you can't!
We have a terrific case.
Where is your proof?
Where is the evidence?
Show me the smoking gun!
Hold it, Your Honor!
You want a smoking gun?
Here is your smoking gun.
( all gasp )
What is that?
It's a bee smoker!
What, this? This harmless
little contraption?
This couldn't hurt a fly,
let alone a bee.
( people murmuring )
( bees coughing )
Oh. Hee.
Members of the jury, look at
what has happened to bees
who have never been asked,
"Smoking or Non?"
Is this what nature
intended for us?
To be forcibly addicted
to these smoke machines
in manmade,
wooden-slat work camps?
Living out our lives as
honey slaves to the white man?
What are we gonna do?
He's playing
the species card.
Ladies and gentlemen,
please, free these bees!
ALL ( chanting ):
Free the bees! Free the bees!
Free the bees!
The court finds in
favor of the bees!
Vanessa, we won!
Yay! I knew you
could do it! High-five!
Ow!
Oh, sorry.
I'm okay! Vanessa,
do you know what this means?
All the honey is finally
gonna belong to the bees.
Now we won't have to work
so hard all the time.
( Montgomery clears throat )
This is an unholy perversion
of the balance of nature,
Benson.
You'll regret this.
MAN:
Barry, how much honey
do you think is out there?
All right. One at a time.
Barry, who are you wearing?
My sweater's Ralph Lauren,
and I have no pants.
What if Montgomery's right?
What do you mean?
We've been living the bee way
a long time,
27 million years.
( helicopter whirring )
WOMAN:
Congratulations
on your victory.
What are you going to demand
as a settlement?
BARRY:
First, we're gonna demand
a complete shutdown
of all bee work camps.
Then, we want to
get back all the honey
that was ours to begin with,
every last drop.
We demand an end to the
glorification of the bear
as anything more than
a filthy, smelly, bigheaded,
bad-breath stink machine.
I believe we're all aware
of what they do in the woods.
Wait for my signal.
( gun cocks )
BARRY:
Take him out.
He'll have a little nausea,
then he'll be fine.
BARRY:
And we will no longer
tolerate
derogatory,
bee-negative nicknames.
But it's just
a prance-about stage name!
BARRY:
Unnecessary inclusion of honey
in bogus health products
and la-dee-da human teatime
snack garnishments.
I can't breathe.
Bring it in, boys!
MAN:
Hold it right there! Good.
Tap it.
Mr. Buzzwell,
we just passed three cups
and there's
gallons more coming!
I think we need to shut down!
Shut down?
We never shut down.
Shut down honey production!
Stop making honey!
( dramatic theme playing )
Turn your key, sir!
What do we do now?
Hmm?
Mm-mm?
Cannonball! Whoo!
( sighs )
( all cheering )
We're shutting down honey
production! Mission abort.
Aborting pollination
and nectar detail.
Returning to base.
( upbeat theme playing )
( dings )
Adam, you wouldn't believe
how much honey was out there.
Oh, yeah?
What's going on around here?
Where is everybody?
Are they out celebrating?
No, they're just home.
They don't know what to do.
They're laying out.
They're sleeping in.
I heard your Uncle Carl
was on his way to San Antonio
with a cricket.
At least we got
our honey back.
Yeah, but sometimes
I think,
so what if the humans
liked our honey?
Who wouldn't? It's
the greatest thing in the world!
I was excited to be
a part of making it.
This was my new desk.
This was my new job.
I wanted to do it
really well. And now...
Now I can't.
( ominous theme playing )
BARRY:
I don't understand
why they're not happy.
We have so much now. I thought
their lives would be better!
Uh-huh.
They're doing nothing.
It's amazing.
Honey really changes people.
You don't have any idea
what's going on, do you?
What did you
want to show me?
This.
Oh. What happened here?
That is not the half of it.
( somber theme playing )
BARRY:
Oh, no. Oh, my.
They're all wilting.
VANESSA:
Doesn't look
very good, does it?
No.
And whose fault do
you think that is?
Hmm...
You know,
I'm gonna guess bees.
Bees?
Specifically, me.
I didn't think that bees
not needing to make honey
would affect all
these other things.
It's not just flowers.
Fruits, vegetables,
they all need bees.
Well, that's our whole
SAT test right there.
So you take away the produce,
that affects
the entire animal kingdom.
And then, of course...
The human species?
( clears throat )
Oh.
So if there's no
more pollination,
it could all just go south here,
couldn't it?
And I know this is
also partly my fault.
( sighs )
How about a suicide pact?
How do we do it?
I'll sting you,
you step on me.
That just kills you twice.
Right. Right.
Listen, Barry, sorry,
but I gotta get going.
I had to open my mouth
and talk.
( door closes )
Vanessa?
Vanessa? Why are you leaving?
Where are you going?
To the final Tournament of Roses
parade in Pasadena.
They've moved it up
to this weekend
because all
the flowers are dying.
It's the last chance
I'll ever have to see it.
Vanessa, I just
want to say, I'm sorry.
I never meant it
to turn out like this.
I know. Me, neither.
Tournament of Roses.
Roses can't do sports.
Wait a minute.
Roses? Roses!
Roses!
Vanessa!
Roses?
( knocking on window )
Barry?
Roses are flowers!
Yes, they are.
Flowers, bees, pollen!
I know. That's why this
is the last parade.
Maybe not. Could you ask him
to slow down?
Could you slow down?
( tires screeching )
Ow!
Barry!
Okay, I made a huge mistake.
This is a total disaster
and it's all my fault.
Yes, it kind of is.
I've ruined the planet.
And I wanted to help you
with your flower shop.
Instead I've made it worse.
Actually, it's completely
closed down.
Oh, I thought maybe
you were remodeling.
Nonetheless,
I have another idea,
and it's greater than all my
previous great ideas combined.
I don't want to hear it!
Ow. All right.
Here's what I'm thinking.
They have the roses,
the roses have the pollen.
I know every bee, plant
and flower bud in this park.
All we gotta do is
get what they've got
back here with
what we've got.
Bees. Pollen!
Park. Flowers.
Repollination!
Across the nation!
BARRY:
All right. Tournament of Roses,
Pasadena, California.
They got nothing but flowers,
floats and cotton candy.
Security will be tight.
VANESSA:
I have an idea.
Vanessa Bloome, FTD.
Official floral business.
Oh, it's real.
Sorry, ma'am. That's a nice
brooch, by the way.
Thank you. It was a gift.
BARRY:
Then once we're inside,
we just pick the right float.
How about The Princess
and the Pea?
Yeah.
I could be the princess
and you could be the pea!
Yes, I think I've got it.
Sorry, I'm late. Where
should I sit?
What are you?
I believe I'm the pea.
The pea?
It's supposed to be
under the mattresses.
Not in this
fairy tale, sweetheart.
I'm gonna go
talk to the marshal.
You do that! This whole
parade is a fiasco!
( screams )
Let's see what
this baby'll do.
( engine revving )
Hey, what are you doing?
BARRY:
Then all we do
is blend in with traffic
without arousing suspicion.
And once we're at the airport,
there's no stopping us.
Stop! Security. Did you and your
insect pack your own float?
Yes.
Has the float been in
your possession the entire time?
Yes.
Would you remove your shoes
and everything in your pockets?
Can you remove
your stinger, sir?
Uh, that's part of me.
I know. Just having some fun.
Enjoy your flight.
( upbeat theme playing )
BARRY:
And then if we're lucky,
we'll have just enough
pollen to do the job.
Can you believe
how lucky we are?
We have just enough pollen
to do the job!
I think this is
gonna work, Vanessa.
It's got to work.
MAN ( on PA ):
Passengers,
this is Captain Scott.
I'm afraid we have a bit of bad
weather in the New York area.
We're gonna be experiencing
a couple of hours' delay.
Barry, these are cut flowers
with no water.
They'll never make it.
I gotta get up there
and talk to these guys.
Be careful.
BARRY:
Could I get help
with this Sky Mall magazine?
I'd like to order the talking
inflatable ear
and nose hair trimmer.
Excuse me, captain,
I'm in a real situation here.
What'd you say, Hal?
I didn't say anything.
Ah! Bee!
No, no, no. Don't freak out.
There's a chance
my entire species--
( whirring )
What are you doing?
Uh-oh.
BARRY:
Wait a minute!
I'm an attorney!
Who's an attorney?
Don't move.
( grunts )
( groans )
Oh, Barry.
BARRY ( on PA ):
Good afternoon, passengers.
This is your captain speaking.
Would a Miss Vanessa Bloome,
in 24B,
please report to the cockpit?
And please hurry!
Ah! What happened here?
I tried to talk to them,
but then there was a DustBuster,
a toupee, a life raft exploded.
Now one's bald, one's in a boat,
and they're both unconscious!
Is that another bee joke?
No!
No one's flying the plane!
MAN ( over radio ):
This is JFK control tower,
Flight 356.
What's your status?
This is Vanessa Bloome.
I'm a florist from New York.
Where's the pilot?
He's unconscious and
so is the co-pilot.
Not good. Is there anyone on
board who has flight experience?
As a matter of fact, there is.
Who's that?
Barry Benson.
From the honey trial?
Oh, great.
Vanessa, this is nothing more
than a big metal bee.
It's got giant wings,
huge engines.
I can't fly a plane.
Why not?
Isn't John Travolta a pilot?
Yes.
How hard could it be?
Wait a minute.
Barry, we're headed
into some lightning.
BOB ( on TV ):
This is Bob Bumble.
We have some late breaking
news from JFK Airport
where a very suspenseful scene
is developing.
Barry Benson, fresh off his
stunning legal victory...
That's Barry!
...is now attempting
to land a plane
loaded with people, flowers
and an incapacitated
flight crew.
ALL:
Flowers?
We have an electrical
storm in the area
and two individuals
at the controls of a jumbo jet
with absolutely
no flight experience.
Just a minute, Mr. Ditchwater.
There's a bee on that plane.
Oh, I'm quite familiar
with Mr. Benson's work
and his no account compadres.
Haven't they done
enough damage already?
Isn't he your
only hope right now?
Technically, a bee shouldn't
be able to fly at all.
The wings are too small,
their bodies are too big...
Hey, hold on a second. Haven't
we heard this a million times?
The surface area of the wings
and the body mass
doesn't make sense.
Get this on the air!
You got it.
MAN: Stand by.
We're going live.
BARRY:
The way we work
may be a mystery to you
because making honey takes
a lot of bees
doing a lot of small jobs.
But let me tell you something
about a small job.
If you do it really well,
it makes a big difference.
More than we realized.
To us, to everyone.
That's why I want to get bees
back to doing what we do best:
working together.
That's the bee way!
We're not made of Jell-O,
we get behind a fellow.
Black and yellow!
ALL:
Hello!
( dramatic theme playing )
Left, right, down, hover.
Hover?
Forget hover.
You know what?
This isn't so hard.
Beep-beep! Beep-beep!
Barry, what happened?
Wait a minute. I think we were
on autopilot that whole time.
That may have
been helping me.
And now we're not!
It turns out
I cannot fly a plane.
All of you, let's get behind
this fellow! Move it out!
Move out!
( dramatic theme playing )
Our only chance is
if I do what I would do
and you copy me
with the wings of the plane!
You don't have to yell.
I'm not yelling!
We happen to be
in a lot of trouble here.
It's very hard to concentrate
with that panicky tone
in your voice!
It's not a tone.
I'm panicking!
( dramatic theme playing )
I don't think I can do this!
Pull yourself
together. Listen to me.
You have got to
snap out of it!
You snap out of it.
You snap out of it!
VANESSA:
BARRY:
You snap out of it!
( heroic theme playing )
You snap out of it.
Hold it!
Why? Come on, it's my turn.
How's the plane flying?
I don't know.
( ringing )
Hello?
LOU LO DUCA: Hey, Benson,
have you got any flowers
for a happy occasion in there?
The Pollen Jocks!
They do get behind a fellow.
Black and yellow.
Hello.
All right, you two,
what do you say
we drop this tin can
on the blacktop?
What blacktop? Where? I can't
see anything. Can you?
No, nothing.
It's all cloudy.
Come on,
you gotta think bee, Barry.
Thinking bee.
ALL:
Thinking bee! Thinking bee!
Thinking bee!
Wait a minute.
I think I'm feeling something.
What?
I don't know,
but it's strong
and it's pulling me
like a 27-million-year-old
instinct.
Bring the nose
of the plane down.
ALL ( chanting ):
Thinking bee! Thinking bee!
Thinking bee!
What in the world
is on the tarmac?
Get some lights on that!
BEES ( chanting ):
Thinking bee! Thinking bee!
Thinking bee!
Vanessa, aim for the flower.
Okay.
Cut the engines.
Cut the engines?
We're going in on bee power.
Ready, boys?
Affirmative!
Good. Good. Easy, now.
That's it. Land on that flower!
You ready, boys?
Full reverse!
LOU LO DUCA:
Spin it around!
Not that flower, the other!
VANESSA: Which?
BARRY:
That flower.
VANESSA:
I'm aiming at the flower!
BARRY:
That's a fat guy
in a flowered shirt.
I mean the giant black
and yellow, pulsating flower
made of millions of bees!
Pull forward. Nose down.
Bring your tail up.
Rotate around it.
This is insane, Barry!
This is the only way
I know how to fly.
Am I koo-koo-kachoo,
or is this plane flying
in an insect-like pattern?
BARRY:
Get your nose in there.
Don't be afraid. Smell it.
Full reverse! Easy, just
drop it. Be a part of it.
Aim for the center!
Now drop it in!
Drop it in, woman!
( bees cheering )
( grunts )
Come on, already.
( door beeps )
( all chattering )
Barry, we did it!
You taught me how to fly!
Yes. No high-five!
Right.
Barry, it worked!
Did you see the giant flower?
What giant flower? Where?
Of course, I saw the flower!
That was genius, man! Genius!
Thank you.
But we're not done yet.
( majestic theme playing )
Listen, everyone!
This runway is covered
with the last pollen
from the last flowers
available anywhere on Earth.
That means this
is our last chance.
We're the only
ones who make honey,
pollinate flowers
and dress like this.
If we're gonna survive as
a species, this is our moment!
So, what do you all say?
Are we gonna be bees,
or just Museum of
Natural History keychains?
ALL:
We're bees!
Keychain!
Then follow me!
Except Keychain.
Hold on, Barry.
Here, you've earned this.
( sighs )
( upbeat theme playing )
ALL:
Yeah!
Yay.
I'm a Pollen Jock!
And it's a perfect fit.
All I gotta do
are the sleeves.
( Sheryl Crow's
"Here Comes the Sun" playing )
Oh, yeah.
That's our Barry.
Here comes the sun
Doo-ooh-doo-doo
And I say
It's all right
Little darling
It's been a long
Cold, lonely winter
Little darling
It feels like years
Since it's been here
Here comes the sun
Doo-ooh-doo-doo
And I say
It's all right
Little darling
The smiles returning
To the faces
Little darling
It seems like years
Since it's been here
Here comes the sun
Doo-ooh-doo-doo
And I say
It's all right
Mom! The bees are back!
Sun, sun, sun
Here it comes
If anybody needs to make a call,
now's the time.
I got a feeling we'll be
working late tonight!
( bees cheering )
Little darling
I feel the ice
Is slowly melting
VANESSA:
Keep the change
and have a great afternoon.
Can I help who's next?
Uh, right here.
Would you like some honey?
Sure.
It is bee approved.
Oh, don't forget these.
Milk, cream, cheese,
it's all me.
And I don't see a nickel!
Uh-huh. Uh-huh.
Sometimes I just feel
like a piece of meat!
I had no idea.
Barry. I'm sorry.
Have you got a moment?
Would you excuse me?
My mosquito associate here
will be able to help you.
Sorry, I'm late.
He's a lawyer, too?
Ma'am, I was already
a blood-sucking parasite.
All I needed was a briefcase.
Have a great afternoon!
Barry, I just got this huge
tulip order for a wedding.
And I can't get
them anywhere.
No problem, Vannie.
Just leave it to me.
You're a lifesaver, Barry.
Can I help who's next?
Who's next?
All right, scramble, Jocks!
It's time to fly.
VANESSA:
Thank you, Barry!
Oh! That bee is living my life!
Let it go, Kenny.
When will this nightmare end?
Let it all go.
Here comes the sun
Doo-ooh-doo-doo
Beautiful day to fly.
Sure is.
Between you and me,
I was dying to get
out of that office.
It's all right
( whooping )
( upbeat theme playing )
ADAM:
You have got to start
thinking bee, my friend.
Thinking bee!
BARRY: Me?
CHORUS:
Thinking bee
Get smart and
Start thinking bee
ADAM:
Flying here
And buzzing there
BARRY:
I'm loving the views
Listen to me, cousin
Every buzzer must choose
To be a bee
Or not to be
Start thinking bee
Barry, you got
No occupation
You mean
Like pollination?
Hey, now
That's thinking bee
Start thinking bee
Listen to me, fella
Ain't you been on the tour?
Kid, your stripes
Are black and yella
I just wanna be sure
To be a bee
Start thinking bee
Can I
Wait and see?
No, Barry
That's not to be
Be a busy little bee
Not a tizzy little bee
BARRY:
Hold it, hold it. Let's just
stop for a second. Hold it.
I'm sorry, everyone.
ADAM: What?
Can we stop here?
Oh, Barry.
Look, I'm not making
a major life decision
in the middle of a huge
musical production number!
Take ten, everybody.
Wrap it up, guys.
I had virtually no
rehearsal for that.